Mom, you still want to hit me?
Ok you hit
Scum, this is over
Are you now?
Just deliberately targeting him
Senior sister scum is your daughter
Then Liu Ni also bullied him
Why are you acting like it's okay?
You still have the face to call me senior sister
I taught you to be ruthless
Or did I teach you to be a bully?
I'm sorry
But I'm not wrong.
Lin Wenli hurt scum last time
I just want to take it out on scum
Coach Li, don't say he wants to fight, just fight
Scum, how have I taught you all these years?
You can't watch
Watching them bully Lin Wenli?
Are you still my daughter?
I'm not your daughter
Is she Lin Wenli your daughter?
Senior sister scum is your only daughter
Why do you keep turning your elbows out?
Talk to an outsider
Liu Hongtao
If you provoke the relationship between my mother and daughter again
You leave the league now
There is nothing wrong with what Coach Liu said
Get out of here. Just go
Family at home, you really don't look like my daughter.
What should Coach Wu do now?
This Lin Wenli talent should continue like this
Will surpass all of us
I will not allow this to happen.
For the championship belt
Lin Wenli should disappear
The eldest lady's neck is on you
I will definitely remove the obstacle of Lin Wenli
Oh, thank you kindly.
Sister, you will be mine in the future
Cheap everything is mine